So next, we're going to talk about Elastic File System, or EFS.
Now in a previous clip,
we talked about Elastic Block Store, or EBS, as one approach
for attaching storage to an EC2 instance.
And here, this is going to be the other option.
So here, for EFS, first of all,
it's important to note that it is a fully managed NFS file system,
and it is designed specifically for Linux workloads.
Now, similar to EBS, it supports up to a petabyte scale.
So we're talking here about petabytes of data.
It also can store data across multiple availability zones, so
you get some of that durability by default.
Now it provides two different storage classes,
the first being Standard and the second being Infrequent‑Access.
And it can provide configurable lifecycle data rules so you can
transition between those storage classes.
Now let's quickly take a look at an example of how we could
leverage Elastic File System, or EFS.
So here you can see an example where we have two different EC2 instances,
one in availability zone A and one in availability zone B.
And in this case,
Elastic File System is working across both of those availability zones
and has a mount point within each availability zone.
So unlike EBS where we're targeting attaching a volume to a single EC2 instance,
Elastic File System has an ability to be a network file system that you
can attach to multiple instances at the same time.
Now,
if you're running Windows workloads on AWS, one option you need to be
familiar with is Amazon FSx for Windows File Server.
And it is a fully managed native Windows file system,
as opposed to being a Linux file system like we saw with EFS.
And it includes native Windows features, and this
includes things like SMB support,
Active Directory integration, and support for Windows NTFS. And it also utilizes SSD drives for low latency.